
9 - Ryker
We pull up to the gates of Alpha Edward’s pack grounds and I can already tell there is trouble.  They waited for him to be at our regularly scheduled meeting to set up.  I really am too tired for this, I should be heading to the new alpha meet to relieve my sister and dad, not dealing with wannabe leaders.  They were only supposed to represent me for the first night. I step out of my car slowly, adjusting my shirt and buttoning my jacket, deliberately taking my time to piss off the guard they stationed.  They are inconveniencing me, I have no problem returning the favor.
“You are not needed.  Go back to your greedy pack of assholes.  Alpha Edward is too weak to protect us and we have chosen a new Alpha and he is not entertaining guests at the moment.”  Well, at least he pretended to be civil.  Too bad I can smell his weakness from here, he’s got balls.  He probably volunteered for this post to make himself look better to whatever dipsh*t thinks he’s in charge.
I continue to dust my suit off, not looking at him. “You are looking at your Alpha.  I don’t think we have been formally introduced, Alpha Ryker, Dark Moon pack, you have an unauthorized blockade on my lands.  I’m going to need you to step aside.”  There, no one can say I don’t start with politeness… and boredom.
Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
“Alpha Dean did not submit to you, he is our Alpha now.”  He looks almost confused in his statement. Like he isn’t sure who the alpha is supposed to be.  He can tell I am more powerful than this Dean idiot.
“Alpha Dean, did you say?  He didn’t challenge me and I have had possession of this pack for,” I look at my watch,”32 hours now.” Alpha Edward stepped out of my car and to his credit stood tall next to me, but continued to stay silent while staring daggers at this guy. Clearly he’s a problem at the best of times and won’t be missed when I kill him. “So now we are at a bit of a stand still.  I am going to have to meet with your resident sh*t starter to discuss this, immediately.  Let him know we’re coming.”  I motion for Edward to get back in the car.  
It’s too much to ask that this moron lets us pass and get to his wannabe Alpha, but it was worth a shot.
“You aren’t going anywhere.  Leave our pack, or we will be forced to declare war on you.” His voice is loud, but I detect a tremble.  Perfect.
I huff a humorless laugh and slowly turn back to him. “Who is this ‘we’ you speak of?  Do you have invisible friends I should be concerned about?  You clearly don’t have the authority to make a threat like that.”  I should not get as much enjoyment as I do when I confuse the sh*t out of people. “You are on my land and if you do not move, I will break your legs and make you.”
“Our warriors are on their way, now leave before you have any more trouble.”
It’s cute he thinks this is trouble.  He is a gnat, easily swatted away. I move right up into his face and wrap my hand around his throat before he even takes another breath. “This is no trouble and they are already too late, you have used your last chance.” My voice is low and menacing, I squeeze, digging my extending claws in. “I am your Alpha, I do not like to repeat myself and I will not be disobeyed. Call Dean, now. He can challenge me himself, it’s too bad you won’t get to see what I do to insubordinate f*cks like you and Dean.”  I growl low in my chest, letting my Alpha aura out so he cannot refuse, even if he wanted to.  