
13 - Kennedy
I’m not totally over the attack on my olfactory nerves when the omega opens the door to my room to let me in.  I stop dead again. I shouldn’t be surprised at the grandness anymore but my room is borderline ridiculous.  I’m an 18 year old high school senior, I should not have a room that looks like this.  I could fit two of my bedrooms in here and still have space and my room at home is not small.
The forest green on the walls doesn’t make it feel confining, but adds to the overall feel of this place.  All the furniture is a warm cherry wood.  There’s a dresser and vanity on one wall and a very ornate desk on another.  One wall is full floor to ceiling windows looking over the forest behind the packhouse.  I discovered one window is actually a door that leads out to a balcony.  Oh man, I may never want to leave.  The view is endless and the smell of the forest is so calming and peaceful.
Walking back inside I look at the massive king sized bed in the middle of the room.  The comforter is a crisp clean white with small deep red accents.  It’s not a Christmas vibe, but a luxury cabin vibe, very comfortable.  I lost count of how many pillows are here too.  Yep, I might move in permanently.
I keep walking and discover the two doors on the last wall are the massive walk-in closet, where I drop my bags and the equally massive bathroom complete with dual sinks and a huge mirror, a soaker tub that could probably fit all of us and a glass surround walk-in shower.  Everything in here is a bright clean white and it looks like I have everything here I could possibly want to get ready.
There’s a knock on my door and Rayna pops her head in without waiting for an answer.  “Hey!  What do you think?”
“Did you give me an Alpha suite by mistake?  This is gorgeous, but way too much for just me.”   I laugh at her.  I don’t want her to think I am ungrateful, but this is a lot.
“No, not really.  This is how all the rooms on this floor look.”  She shrugs. “Except my brother’s, his is bigger.”  She laughs for real at my expression, I’m sure. “Just so you know, Jeremiah and I are on that side of you and Ben is one more down, just in case.”  I nod, neither of us have to say anything.  She is making sure I feel comfortable and safe sleeping here and I have no words for it.  She has already decided I am someone worth her notice and protection. “Now get changed so we can eat and then watch these sexy boys get all sweaty.”
Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
At the mention of food, I move at light speed to get ready.  Sleeping for that long is not normal for me and I am probably just as hungry as Tommy.   
“Just so you know, I plan on partaking in the getting sweaty part.” She laughs and winks as we head down into what Rayna calls the breakfast room. There are enough rooms in this mansion to dedicate one to just breakfast. This place is nuts. There is a tray of sandwiches and another with fruit and veggies and bottles of water for us to grab.  We all eat quickly and thank the Omegas who took care of us.
For all the rumors I have heard about this pack and it’s Alpha, no one looks beat down or unhappy.  I have heard that this Alpha is a tyrant and takes over packs because he loves power. He needs to kill five people before he can even have breakfast. That he basically enslaves his pack and abuses them, but I have no idea where any of those rumors came from.  This pack is beautiful and all the people we have met so far have been kind and welcoming. 
It’s actually interesting to not get weird looks from people.  I know they can smell that I’m human, but it doesn’t seem to bother anyone here like it does at home.  Maybe it’s because I am a guest of Rayna’s and they don’t want to offend her.  I’ll have to stay on my guard just in case, especially when I am alone.  We drive the ten or so minutes to the training ground and it looks like a ton of people are gathered already as we pull in.
“I know you said your brother’s pack is huge, but damn!” I whisper to her from the backseat.
“He has the most pack members I’ve ever seen, but I really only see them when they come here.  I don’t travel as much as he and my parents do.  All of my training has been here, mostly with the pack hospital.  I love helping with the maternity ward and the new pups.”  I don’t miss the look she gives my best friend.  I’m going to be an aunt inside the next year. I would bet money on it, but it doesn’t seem to bother him at all.  He just smiles his wide beaming smile at her like he would give her anything she asked for right now.  I would love for someone to look at me like that someday.  It’s probably the only thing about mates I am envious of.  The absolute dedication.  There is no wondering about being faithful or all of the guessing that comes with dating.
We all jump out of the SUV and follow Rayna into the training grounds.  Of course most people stop and stare as she leads us right to the front of the group, ignoring all the stares and whispers.
“Beta Josh, Gamma Bennet, Delta Danny, this is my mate Alpha Jeremiah and his team.  Beta Ben, Gamma Jason, Delta Tommy and Warrior Kennedy.”  We all shake hands and exchange pleasantries.  I sometimes hate all the title stuff and pomp and circumstance that they all have to go through.  I’m so spoiled being in their inner circle, it’s going to get old really quickly having to say titles all week. I know it’s part of the job, but it’s just a mouthful.
We step off to the side and the leaders get started like we never interrupted. Now I know why this pack is one of the most feared.  Watching them train is mesmerizing.  Their movements are so fast and fluid, if you blink you miss it.  They train equally in human and wolf form and I am eventually set up with female warriors, but I soon learn this isn’t an insult at all.  It’s a challenge.  One of their female warriors, Greta, took me under her wing immediately and started to help me refine my movements, not once mentioning my being human.  She just worked with the strength I have, not what I am lacking because of my species.  I have totally lost track of my pack members, I am fully engrossed in working with Greta and loving every second.