
17 - Kennedy
 Greta has me learn with her and then pairs me with other female warriors so I can learn to adapt to each person's movement and tells.
 “Damn, girl, you are good. You’re fast without the added speed a wolf gives, you have clearly put the time in. This is going to be fun. Are you going to join us in the morning?” Greta asks as I dodge another swipe from her arms. I don’t think she’s really trying her hardest, but I am getting a workout so I won’t complain. I would like to see her spar with one of the guys though and just let loose.
 “What’s in the morning?” I pant, she’s not letting me distract her at all.
 “The Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta and a select team of warriors train together. We work the closest with the Alpha and are usually his detail when he travels. It also gives him a chance to train without prying eyes and drooling females.” She rolls her eyes. “I mean, I see the appeal. He's an alpha and he’s hot, but I don’t understand the girls who would gladly give up their mate for a ranked member even if it’s not their Goddess given mate.”
 “I always wondered that too. I watched a lot of girls go after Jeremiah and even tried to target me, thinking I was c*ckblocking them.” I shrug, shaking out my arm after a hold. “Can we go one more round?” I ask, noticing for the first time that the warriors had started to thin out. “I’m just starting to get the hang of this arm release.”
 “Do you ever stop?” She laughs at me, but gets into position. “Danny, come check this out.” She hollers over my shoulder. But I don’t turn around, it could be a trick to get my guard down.
 She lunges for me like she has been for however long we’ve been here. I seem to go time blind when I train. I counter and start to spin, but she anticipates the movement and follows me, grabbing an arm. I keep twisting and duck so I spin under my own arm, locking hers behind her back and then shoving her forward. She turns quickly and comes at me again, swinging with her arm as she turns and catches me in the shoulder. I take the blow but use the momentum to wind up and send a backhanded punch to her face and then an uppercut into her ribs, getting an ‘oof’ out of her. We continue to move, each getting in hits and taking them equally.
 “Time!” someone shouts and both Greta and I turn around. “I know you both enjoy showing off, but if we don’t leave now, Rayna will beat you both for not having enough time to get ready for the dinner party and she doesn’t want any more visible marks on Kennedy.” Gamma Bennet walks over to us. “Everyone has already left, I am supposed to get you back to the pack house so Rayna can ‘make you presentable after all of that.’” He flutters his hand towards where we were sparing and says it in a girly high pitched tone I assume is making fun of Rayna.
 “You’re an idiot.” Greta laughs at him.
 “Hey, don’t blame me. I’m just following orders, and I’m on Hot Human detail.”
 My eyebrows shoot up and my jaw drops. “What did you say?” I look between him and Greta as she busts out laughing. Since Greta is laughing it can’t be all bad. But it still kind of feels insulting.
 Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
 “You are now the talk of the trainees, miss human girl. It’s hard to keep up with our Greta here and you were on fire. I think our trainees spent just as much time watching your skill as they did your ass.” 
 “Aren’t you a bold one? Do you always talk about your guests like this? To their face?” I smile. grabbing the towel he handed me.
 “Only when they are warriors and can handle it.” He winks at me and I laugh. He’s going to be fun, a good option if I don’t find the owner of that delicious smell from our floor.