
18 - Kennedy
“What’s happening tonight?  Gamma Bennet said ‘dinner party’ but what does that mean exactly?  I get the feeling there is so much more going on.”  I ask as she starts to dry, tease and comb my hair.  I have no idea what she is doing and I don’t really care.  This is her party, so I will do whatever she wants.  She clearly loves having a girl to play dress up with too, which makes me smile because I don’t hate having it done.  She made quick work of a simple hair style. She moves on to my make-up next.  It’s light without a ton of layers or heavy colors. She explains tonight’s purpose as she finishes up.
“Well my brother, as I’m sure you have heard, tends to take on packs who are smaller or weaker.”
“Yeah, something like that.” I give her a wry smile.  Everyone has heard of the Dark Moon alpha and his aggressive takeovers.  I have also heard he doesn’t speak, he just maims and he’s scary as sh*t.  We haven’t seen him at all today, but he’s supposed to be here at some point and I don’t know if I am more excited or nervous.
“What the rumors don’t tell you is that most of the time it’s because an Alpha doesn’t have an heir and a lot of conflict happens when the leader dies and there isn’t a natural successor.  Packs tend to go to war with each other over land and control and it causes a lot of problems for more than just that pack.  Or the Alphas are really terrible to their packs and pack members come to him for help. People only know the bloody details, those seem to be the only bits of information people care to remember or repeat.”  She shrugs. “My brother fights hard and has had to kill a lot of nasty people, but they were all terrible. He’s not one to be messed with.”
“That doesn’t answer my question, though.  I know there is a party for you and Jeremiah, but as big as this seems to be, I get the feeling something else is going on too. There’s no way someone threw something this big together in a couple days.  I just don’t know what to expect and I am not here to embarrass myself.” I feel like she might be being vague on purpose.
Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
She takes a deep breath and lets out slowly, like she’s trying to choose her words carefully. “He usually doesn’t have to use a lot of force to overthrow whoever is the biggest problem.  He keeps the ranked members in place to help lead the pack when he can.  Sometimes the corruption goes pretty deep though and the clean out can be a long and bloody process.  So he has several Betas, Gammas and Deltas who answer to Josh, Danny and Bennet here like a huge team checking in.  We’ve had several new packs join ours this year so this is a welcome party for them. My brother brings them in and puts them to work immediately with very little time off as he transitions them to Dark Moon. This is my brother’s way of giving them a break. But it’s also a party for Jeremiah and I since I found my mate.” She squeals and I smile at her excitement at being mated to my best friend.
“So you’re telling me that all the crazy things I have heard about your brother aren’t true?  Like killing five people in one go and putting bloody, rotting dead bodies out on pack borders to set an example.”  I scoff.  I thought maybe those were exaggerations.
“Oh no!  Those stories are absolutely true.”  She smiles at me in the mirror as she finishes fluffing my hair. I think my jaw hit the floor and my eyes are about to fall out of my face. “Don’t look at me like that. He didn’t get to be as great as he is without spilling some blood, it’s really the best way to teach our species and the best way to show dominance.  But, he had reasons for all of it.  You should really just ask him about it.”  She winks at me.