 She’s lucky though. Real estate is something I work in and construction is a huge part of that. It will be good to have her team collaborate with mine, if everything goes well.
 “Who else has access to this office, the safe, financial records and who has the ability to make decisions of any kind that could affect the pack?”
 We spent the rest of the morning getting me up to speed with all the key players in the pack. I also have several notes for things that will change immediately for my Beta. So far though, almost everything is just as Edward described it.
 I let them know that they will retain their titles and positions within the pack. I will never take that lineage and distinction from them or their families. They are established leaders, but all of their instructions come directly from myself, my Beta, my Gamma and my Delta.
 A few things will have to change since we are establishing new leadership. Their pack will be a target for at least three years until we have all proven that this pack is still strong and cannot be claimed by outside forces, even when I’m not here to protect it myself. This is nothing new to us, my guys have this transition process down to a science. We now have a protocol for how we train each leader and how often I need to visit to re-scent the area and make my presence known along with that training.
 After I give them their new duties and expectations, I ask for an official tour of the pack.
 It is really beautiful here. This pack is only a couple hours from my packhouse and has about 200 pack members total. It is pretty small, but the community is tight nit like only a small town can be, tucked back in an untouched part of the world. Like the pack evolved out of the earth itself and every building was thought through to become a part of the landscape without looking or feeling old and dilapidated.
 The packhouse is like a small cabin compared to my home, but it is well kept and comfortable. Sitting on top of a small hill with a vantage of the occupied pack from the front and an expanse of forest with a large lake to the back. This is the kind of place you bring your family for time away from hectic pack life. I pause in my movements. That’s a thought I have never had before.
 The thought brings me back to my sister and her new mate, and the little gremlin of jealousy stirs again. I didn’t realize how much not having a mate bothered me until I got the news from my sister. Clearly this is something my wolf and I need more than I thought. And yet, I don’t want one. I’ve seen what happens to Alphas when they find their Luna and I want nothing to do with that. I don’t want to be ruled by this feeling of jealousy and possession. The distraction would be a menace. Not to mention if something were to happen and another wolf tries to use her against me. Just the thought of this unknown, innocent woman being harmed or tortured because she was forced by the Goddess to be with me sends my stomach roiling.
 I shake off the thoughts as we make our way through the center of town visiting all of the shops establishing a rapport, then I head back to the packhouse with more pent up energy than I should have after the long walking tour.
 We made it back in time for the kitchen omegas to have dinner ready. All of the packhouse Omegas seem to be eager to prove themselves and their worth. I appreciate the effort, but I keep my praise and attention to a minimum. I want to observe them for a while and find out if they are always this attentive or if they are just kissing my ass right now as the new Alpha. The ass kissers are the worst. The minute your back is turned they change their tune and are never happy with anything you do. They tend to be the biggest sh*t starters too when things change. And things will change.