 Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
 “We leave in an hour, make sure you’re packed for a week and bring some nice things too. I expect parties and dinners a few times.” Jer kisses the crown of my head.
 I just nod and head up. Rayna’s in my room, going through my closet like we are long time friends. I’m amazed at how quickly her attitude towards me changed. It was instant once she heard me say I wasn’t attracted to Jer. She must be able to detect lies, I know Uncle James can too. Some crazy alpha blood thing.
 “Anything in particular you need?” I laugh as she jumps. She must have been in the zone going through my clothes. Wolves can hear pretty much everything.
 “Just you.” She winks at me. “Have you told him?”
 “Told who what?” She makes me nervous with her cryptic questions.
 She smiled at me “Have you told Jeremiah that you’ve been having separation anxiety?”
 “I haven’t been having separation anxiety.”
 “Your nightmares started getting worse when you turned 18, right?”
 “Yeah, I guess, but I’m human, why would I have separation anxiety from my best friend?”
 “No idea, but I do find it interesting that you need to keep reminding everyone that you’re human, including yourself. Yet you train and fight like a wolf, you eat like a wolf, your temper is like a wolf’s,” She gives me a look daring me to deny it. “You react to scents like a wolf and you clearly react to changes in your pack. You are more connected than you think.”
 “I never really thought about it that way, I’ve been around the pack my whole life.” I shrug and move toward her. “Well, while you regale me with your theories, I need to shower and pack. Any thoughts on what I need to bring? Jer mentioned some parties or dinners happening.”
 Rayna had a ton of fun going through my closet and we found out that we are the same size, so she had me all packed in no time and said I could borrow anything we forgot. Once everything was loaded, we all jumped into one of the Alpha’s seven passenger SUVs. Two more warriors followed us in Rayna’s white SUV.
 Jason sat in the back with me. He’s like a big teddy bear, always ready to cuddle, and unlike Tommy he can keep his hands to himself. I wrap up in one of Jeremiah’s giant hoodies and settle in for a nap, hopefully.