“Yeah, because the most notorious Alpha is going to give two sh*ts about talking to me when he has a whole room full of people to entertain, new pack members to welcome in and a sister who’s newly mated.  He’s going to be busy. And no one wants to be asked questions like ‘how many people have you killed recently’ and ‘did you have a valid reason? Walk me through that thought process.’”  I mock as sarcastically as I can. “I am a human at a wolf welcome party slash engagement party.  I am not going to be on his list of people to make time for.  I will be lucky if I get to talk to you and Jer at all tonight.  So many people are going to want to congratulate you and fawn over how beautiful you are and how handsome your mate is.”  I say in a mocking voice, pretending to gag.
“Well, when you look this good, you never know, I feel like many people are going to want to talk to you. Especially after training today.  I have a feeling you are going to be the one too busy to talk to.” She spins the chair I am in to face her and her eyes are lit up in the worst kind of ‘up to something’ look I have ever seen.  She has spent way too much time with Danny. “Go get dressed, I want to see the whole look before the guys get here.” She basically picks me up out of the chair and shoves me towards my bed where she laid the black dress and all the accessories.  She is strong for being so tiny.
I turned away from her, because I understand the werewolf, no modesty, naked in front of everyone thing, but I’m still not super comfortable with it when I’m the one who’s naked.  I was told no bra was needed and she gave me a very specific pair of black lace panties. At least it wasn’t a thong.  I would rather go commando than wear floss in my butt crack. I just rolled my eyes, slipped them on and dropped my towel. Then I grabbed the dress and slipped it on.
The dress feels like butter on my skin and it fits perfectly.  I don’t know how she knew my exact size, but it’s a dream. I didn’t notice before, but the material that runs from the beaded neckline is the same sheer material as on my back and covers my upper chest down to a sweetheart cut of black material tastefully covering my boobs.  The sheer material travels down between my cleavage ending in a point all the way down by my belly button.  It is subtle, but super sexy.  Somehow the bodice is snug and secure, even with all of the sheer fabric and no apparent corset-type structure. The flouncy layered skirt hits right at the top of my thighs making my legs look really long, but I wouldn’t be afraid if I had to bend over.  Everything has a hint of shimmer that looks amazing and not gaudy or overly flashy.
She gave me these sparkly black strappy heels that are high enough to make my legs look toned and amazing, but not so high I feel like I’m going to fall on my face. Once I slip on the heels and buckle the clasps, I stand and straighten everything out.  As I make my way over to Rayna at the vanity mirror her eyes go wide.