
20 - Ryker
“Yeah, boss.  They’re still here.” Josh is always ‘on.’
“You coming down to check out the fresh meat?” Danny laughs.
“Danny, don’t be a d*ck, they actually aren’t bad.  They’ve all kept up with us.” Bennet, always looking for the positive.
“Even the human is decent, boss.  She’s actually training with Greta…and keeping up.  I was worried about her getting hurt until she threw Tanya about ten minutes ago.” Josh is less easily impressed.
“You should come take a look.  Like I said, she’s hot and if she’s single I call dibs over all you f*ckers.”
“I still think you’re trying too hard.  Did you really have to stop them and shift when they got here? Don’t think Josh and I missed that little d*ck swinging stunt.”  Bennet laughs through the link.
Man, I have missed these guys.  They keep me sane and somewhat normal.  I am nothing special to them when we are hanging out like this.  Even if it’s just over the mindlink.
“It is my job as the head warrior to check out all incoming visitors and welcome them.  If they happen to notice what I’m packing, that’s on them.”
“Unless any of them are gay, the only people who would have looked were Rayna and Kennedy, you jackass.  How do you think your Alpha is going to feel knowing you were swinging your d*ck around in front of his little sister and her mate?” Bennet continues to fight with Danny.
If it was anyone else, Bennet is right, and I probably would rip his balls off, but they’ve known my sister her whole life and they feel the same way about her as I do.  Unfortunately she’s the only girl amongst the ranked members, so we may have gone overboard with being protective.
“Yeah, well dibs on Kennedy.  But you really should come check them out.  In all seriousness I’m impressed with all of them.  Rayna is in good hands.”
Why does her name give me butterflies?  Kennedy. I’ve met impressive female warriors before, hell I have one as a close friend.  Just a name should not make me want to run at Danny’s command to go watch them, and yet, that’s exactly what I am going to do.
I have a few phone calls to make to get things moving for the other packs that made requests at our monthly meeting, so I head to my office first and to save time I get changed into the spare workout gear I keep in here.  I might as well be prepared to join in if I am going to go observe.
I decided to jog to the training grounds.  I still have pent up energy for some reason, like a current under my skin.  Anticipation of something that’s coming.  My wolf isn’t agitated, but even he knows something’s up. By the time we get there I am nice and warm with a light sheen of sweat.  I decided to observe from the uppermost seats in the arena.  Of course I find Rayna easily, she is easy to spot in the crowd as the female version of me.  We have been mistaken as twins many times.
Her mate is tall and confident like an Alpha should be.  I can tell who he is just by the fact that he doesn’t let Rayna get more than about three steps from him.  He’s staking his claim without restraining or holding on to her in any way. He’s letting her be her own person, but making it clear that she has a barrier that begins and ends with him.  He is smiling and seems to engage with anyone who approaches.
The rest of his guys seem to be the same.  They are all interacting with my warriors and working on different skills.  Sometimes teaching and other times being taught.
Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
It doesn’t take me long to see why Danny was so adamant about calling dibs on Kennedy.  It took me about five minutes to assess Rayna’s mate and his male team members and then my attention was immediately drawn to the other side of the training grounds by a tornado of dark blonde hair flying around the most gorgeous body I have ever seen. My whole world freezes.
A tan lean body that is clearly earned wrapped in only a sports bra and leggings that hug every single curve she has.  I can feel my d*ck twitching at the thought of wrapping my hand in that ponytail and…  I shake my head of the thought, I only f*ck around with brunettes.  That is a well established fact.  Blondes are for my imagination.  It allows me to separate when I am just getting my rocks off.  So, for now, Danny can have his dibs.  But, that doesn’t stop me from sitting there and watching her lithe movements for far longer than appropriate.  Every twist and turn gives me a new vantage point of her feminine curves and I am packing all of these images away to live rent free in my brain.
She doesn’t seem to notice when people start to file out.  Even her pack mates look at her, make a few hand gestures and have a conversation with Rayna then seem to be okay with her staying with Greta alone.  
I notice Danny and Bennet stay to watch over them too.  I have mixed emotions on that with the way they are both looking at her.  The problem is, from my vantage point I can’t see their faces clearly, which means I can’t read what my friends are thinking.
I shift my focus back to Greta and Kennedy, they seem to be in deep conversation then they set up to go again.  Greta shouts, “Danny come check this out.”  Like he hasn’t been distracted by her the whole time and taken more hits than usual. Kennedy doesn’t take the bait though, she never looks away from Greta.  Good girl. Wait! What?
Damn, this girl doesn’t give up. They are moving fast and I catch myself cringing for both of them watching certain movements and punches.  She is not holding back and I can only imagine the bruises Kennedy will have later from Greta. But she is giving as good as she gets.
“Time!”  I hear Bennet shout as he walks over to them.  I can hear the murmurs of conversation, but not all of the words.  Danny joins, getting way too close, and then Greta throws her arm around Kennedy and they both walk away laughing, the sound giving me the chills, leaving my Gamma and my Delta stopped in their tracks, speechless.  That is a first.