
12 - Ryker
  I let off enough energy to sleep at least. I’ve never really had any woman capture my attention and oral s*x is just a form of tension release. Alphas tend to have a high s*x drive, so even at a young age we explore and test the waters. I spent more time alone in my room than anything, but many of my friends at school had plenty of stories. So I experienced vicariously through them. I was always pretty quiet about my personal life, you could never be too careful. Even with your closest friends, you never knew who might be listening in for gossip to spread and cause trouble. So I learned to keep my mouth shut and just listen. My friends took that as a sign of unacknowledged confirmation of conquests. I never corrected any of them. My bedroom antics are not as colorful as everyone says, but I’m also no saint. I just let the rumors work in my favor.
  I met with Edward this morning for breakfast and he looks a little worse for wear. I really think he has been holding out to make sure his pack was taken care of completely. We met with the elders to complete the transfer. It’s similar to inducting a new pack member. They cut my arms allowing for a small amount of blood to be collected in a cup, an oath a fealty is said before Edward drinks the blood, sealing the bond of our packs together. I can feel all of the new members' connections develop. I’m glad we have found a more civilized way to do this. New members used to have to bite the Alpha to gain the blood. With the way I take on packs, I don’t know if I could deal with that.
  I let my Beta know that I am going to stick around for the rest of the weekend to see if Edwards' condition improves at all. I also request a few more soldiers here. I know I took out several of the main players last night, but that doesn’t mean that everyone got the message, I have to make sure everyone is safe here before I go anywhere.
  I noticed my sister has tried to call me twice already this morning as I am walking back up to my room to change for a workout. What could have her calling me at this hour? I open up the voicemail on my phone and have to pull the receiver away at the sound of her screeching. I listen to the first message the best that I can and then move on to the second, which is much calmer. 
  She found her mate and is traveling to meet his family. He’s a future Alpha in our alliance at least, so I know his family, although she didn’t actually say his name. She wants to know when I will be back because she is bringing him home to meet me.
  I sit down on my bed slowly. I don’t even know what to think. My baby sister found her mate. I am both excited that there is someone out there to protect and love her better than I ever could, and I am pissed at the idea of any man putting his hands on her in that way.
  Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
  If I’m being honest with myself, I am a little jealous too, she’s only been looking for two years. I have been waiting for eight. No, not waiting. I have been able to sense one for eight years. I don’t want a mate. They cause too many problems. 
  I know, eventually, I will need my mate to give me heirs, but I’m in no rush. I can lie to everyone else and say that I’m fine and the Moon Goddess will send her to me when I’m ready, but the dark thought crossed my mind, what if there isn’t someone for me? What if she was taken from me before I even knew her? My heart pulses at the thought and my wolf whines. What if the Moon Goddess decided I’m not worthy of a mate because I think it would be too much work to keep one safe? I shake my head of the negative thoughts, even thinking about a mate is more work than it should be. This is why I don’t want one. 
  I fire off a quick message and tell her that I have some unexpected business to handle, then I should be back in the next day or so and she can head home with her new mate and any other pack members that she feels are important to be with her.
  I want to celebrate her one more time before she leaves me and heads off to help run a pack of her own by her mate’s side. I also want to meet every wolf that will be in charge of her safe keeping. They had better be up to my standard or they will be getting some additions to their warriors.