 “That wasn’t my fault and I left her hanging too. I don’t do clingers and neither should any of you.” I laugh with him.
 Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
 “Yeah, well, blue balls ranks up there on the ‘I don’t do’ list. I’ll fill you in on the hot human. What’s your ETA?”
 “Maybe thirty minutes, but I have a few things that need to get done. Edward’s pack needs extra protection and a few of the other small packs made requests too. I just didn’t have time to deal with that before I left the meeting. I will come down to training as soon as I can.”
 We pull in and I get out meeting Robin at the door to the packhouse. She begins immediately rattling off everything that she has accomplished and what I need to do.
 “I have a meeting set up with Matt in two days for you to go over the project information from Oak Lake Pack. He will be here for the dinner and party tonight, but he has been forbidden to bring up business in any way.” She gives me a stern look letting me know the rule applies to me as well. “If you give me the files I will forward those on to his secretary and he can review them before the meeting and you can move forward more quickly.” She puts her hands out, knowing if she doesn’t take them from me I will just hide in my office and work, which was my plan.
 “Robin, there are still a few I need to look at.” She ignores me and continues walking. If it were anyone else I would lose my temper and honestly throw them into a wall, but she has some kind of force about her and I just can’t be mean, let alone violent with her. She’d actually probably skin me alive if I tried. She’s almost as scary as my mom.
 “That is why I set the meeting for two days from now. Your sister is about to leave the pack for good, you will spend time with her. Got it?”
 “Yes, ma’am. Is everyone still at training?”
 “I believe so.”
 “Did you get to meet with them?”
 “No, not yet. I had a few errands to run for your mother and father and I was not here to receive them. They had already left for the training grounds when I got back. So far they all sound very respectful and pleasant from the reports of the Omegas they have interacted with. I think she’s in good hands.”
 I just nod. I don’t think the Moon Goddess would put Rayna with anyone less than what she deserves. No one could. My sister is the sweetest, most pure hearted person there ever was. She was probably the first and only person to ever steal my heart. She is the kind and gentle to my rough and aggressive. She has always been able to calm me down and help me see reason when no one else could. I don’t know what I will do without her here to balance me, but I also know I can’t keep her forever. She deserves to be with a strong and loving mate.
 Speaking of which, I should probably get a feel for this guy. I know it won’t matter what I think of him, but I want to know how he is with my sister when I’m not around. I have come across sh*tty alphas who abuse their Goddess given mates, cheat on them to cause pain and are even worse to their pack members.
 “Josh, Danny, Bennet. Is my sister and her mate still at training?” I link my guys.