
 19 - Ryker
 We are more than halfway into our trip and I get a mindlink from Danny.
 “Alpha, you are not going to believe who just graced our pack with her presence.”
 “I hate guessing games Danny. What’s going on?” I rub my temples. The paperwork from Linda for the most part seems on the up and up, but there are a few numbers that don’t make sense on the first glance.
 “Your new brother-in-law’s lead warrior is a female.”
 “So what, we have a ton of very talented female warriors. I’m pretty sure Greta beat your ass with one hand tied behind her back last week.” I laugh at him the same way I did last week when it happened.
 Greta is a force and one of my closest friends outside of my Beta, Gamma and Delta. It’s hard for us to have real friends and I basically close myself off to everyone but them and my sister. Greta worked her way into my good graces when we took her pack from an Alpha that was literally abusing his pack members. His Beta was no better, but he had killed his Gamma and Delta for trying to go against him. He had the pack living in medieval times, no contact with the outside world.
 Greta’s father and grandfather were warriors for the Alpha’s father and several of them went into hiding in the forests around the land. None of them left though, they couldn’t leave the pack unprotected. They fought every day, but the Alpha’s forces were very strong and had no morals for any life. They killed just to kill.
 I found her pack early in my career as an Alpha. Her father and grandfather fought hard and paid the ultimate price with their lives. Greta saved me and allowed me to defeat the Alpha and Beta and set the pack free. She has been a part of my team since then.
 “She’s a female… human. And gorgeous!” Danny brings me from my memory, emphasizing the word ‘human.’
 “Wait. What do you mean ‘human?’”
 “Exactly what I said. She’s a human. Rayna said they are going to join us for training after they settle in. You should stop at the training grounds as soon as you get here.”
 “I don’t know why it’s such a big deal. They will be here a couple days max and then they will all go back to their territory. Let her fight, don’t let her get hurt, I don’t need a war on my hands because they let her play at fighting back home and she doesn’t understand the depth of what we do here. He was probably forced to bring her out of some kind of rotation obligation.”
 “Well, she’s hot as f*ck. So if she isn’t attached to any of the guys that came with them. I call dibs.”
 I just laugh. “You can‘t call dibs over me, nice try though.” I tease him, knowing I won’t interfere. We don’t usually have the same tastes.
 “Bro code man, come on. I saw her first. At least give me a chance to talk to her before you look at her, smile and melt her panties off with your alpha ways.” He groans.
 “I do nothing of the sort. And besides I have too much sh*t going on right now, I don’t want to deal with any of that. Even some of Edward’s females gave off the clingy vibe. I just need a break from the females.”
 “That is a lie and you know it. You can’t stay away from the p*ssy any more than the rest of us. Ask Bennet how he feels about the chick from River Falls Pack. He had that girl wet and ready for him and all you had to do was walk by flash a grin and she asked if the two of you wanted to be a packaged deal. When he said ‘no’ she followed you around the rest of the night leaving him with blue balls.” He laughed.