
15 - Ryker
 I get up and run the pack border again, alone this time and I move slowly, making sure my scent permeates the area fully. This part can be monotonous and boring, but I want this tiny pack to be safe at all times. I then hit the training grounds where only twenty were in attendance, but that is about what I suspected with a pack of this size and part of the reason Edward sought me out in the first place.
 We begin working. My Beta, Gamma and Delta worked with Edward’s yesterday to put training plans into place. With Edward’s passing we had to make some quick changes to our plans and I am needed here, but I wanted my guys at home for my sister’s arrival with her mate since I couldn’t be there to greet them.
 I go through a series of tests that we do with all of our warriors. It is to truly assess what they are capable of. Samuel, Drake, and Jacob are paying close attention and taking notes on how I assess warriors in my pack so they can duplicate the process when I’m not here. We are looking for strength and sheer power, naturally, but we also want to see how they think on their feet and use problem solving. A lot of times when one of my packs is attacked, it’s not a small affair and people can get hurt or be killed if it takes a warrior too long to react.
 The assessment takes half of the day, they shouldn’t need this much time, but I want to be thorough. We stop and break for a late breakfast when one of the packhouse Omegas, Jean I think is her name, brings us a basket of food and takes the time to scold me like any mother would do for working these warriors too hard. But, she does it with a wink and a smile and I know she is a keeper. These warriors are under trained for sure, but they all have the potential to be great. I have to be hard on them now so they can excel for the pack in the future.
 Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
 Danny and I decided with the size of the pack we can only send about three to five at a time to training at our home facility, so they aren’t left defenseless here. Since there are so few of them, I sent Danny back to the pack with instructions to make rooms ready and see where the rest of our trainees are and if we can fit small groups of these warriors into our current training. I make plans to run with these warriors again after I wrap up getting all the business info I need before I leave to meet with my sister. It will take most of the day for her and her mate to get to our pack so I’m going to use my time well here. I can review business paperwork from anywhere.
 I make my way into my office where a leggy red-head leans against the desk, lost in a file. I can feel my face pull up in a sneer. I don’t appreciate anyone being in my office, my space, especially before we have been introduced. She is too comfortable here and that needs to change.
 “Is there a reason you are not waiting outside my office? Do you have a habit of entering rooms that don’t belong to you?” I growl as I walk in, heading straight for the desk without giving her a second glance. My tone isn’t impolite, but I know it’s not inviting either.
 She at least has the decency to remove her ass from my desk.
 “Hello, sir.” Her voice is on the deeper side, but not unfeminine, just assertive. “My name is Linda and Delta Jacob said you wanted to meet with me. I thought it would be rude to mindlink you since we had yet to formally meet and I had no other way to contact you. I apologize for invading your space.”
 She is tall and fit. She clearly knows how to dress to impress. I’m sure that works well for her in negotiations.
 “I want to see your last twelve jobs with all of the invoices and research that went along with them. I would also like to know who your primary contacts are for the jobs that you regularly submit for.” I haven’t looked up from the computer that is still loading. This will definitely need to be replaced.
 “Of course, sir. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?” She leans forward a little too far showing off her ample cleavage. I’m not sure if she is flirting or if this is part of her forward personality. “I can have everything for you in a couple hours. Is there anything else you need from me in the meantime?” This time as she plants her ass on my desk it is clear, there was more going on here with Edward. Question is, is she a problem or an asset?
 “No.” I don’t look at her. “And just so we are clear, I do not make a habit of mixing business with pleasure. You are an employee of mine and from what I understand valuable to the business that sustains your pack. If you want to stay that way you will keep your actions and intentions professional. Do I make myself clear?”
 She jumps off the desk like something bit her. “Yes, of course Alpha. I meant no disrespect. Alpha Edward had certain working expectations…”
 I raise my hand to stop her rambling. “What Alpha Edward expected is none of my business. You now know my expectations. I would like those files on my desk in less than two hours. You’re dismissed.” I move to my phone which is proving faster. “Linda, have this desktop replaced with something that functions at a rate of speed that allows business to happen.”
 “Yes, sir.” She turns and walks out without any fight or questioning why I am looking into her work. She just might prove useful.