
Prologue
What do you do when you're a human in a wolf pack and your best friend is the next Alpha?  
You join in that's what. Or you join as much as a human can. Kennedy and Jeremiah have been friends since birth.  Their moms were best friends in college and passed on the friendship to their kids. 
When a tragic accident claims her parents but somehow leaves Kennedy alive and no family members will take on the burden of a teenager with no large inheritance.  The one person closest to her mom steps up to claim her.
Kennedy and Jeremiah have been inseperable ever since. She has spent the last two years learning pack ways and pack values, but is set on going to college and experiencing human life outside the pack she knows and loves. She’s a human and knows she won’t be a wolf’s mate. She is prepared to leave the pack and live in the human world.  She aspires to take over the fitness studio her mom started with Jeremiah's mom.  It's a legacy that keeps her parent's memory alive. 
She has everything planned out, much to her best friend's dismay.  All her college forms are signed, room and board set up and her business classes are on track to have her graduate in three years.  She just has to survive high school for one more year before that can all happen. Thankfully werewolves think that senior year is the time to start focusing on the future so many classes are in place to help her succeed faster.
Her life is planned, Jeremiah will start training to take over his pack.  This is the last hurrah before their lives go in their predetermined ways.  She knows they will always be close, like their moms.  She can't go a day without talking to him.  It's been like that for as long as she can remember.  She feels incomplete without the contact, so there is no question of losing touch.  She also knows that they aren't mates, even though many people were hoping their close relationship couldn't be anything else.  At eighteen their relationship is that of siblings with twin like tendencies. Also something no one can explain.  She cannot mindlink, or shift and yet she move like a wolf, thinks like a wolf, has the instincts of a wolf.
Many believe she will get her 'human adventure' out of her system and then come home to the pack for good.
Until Kennedy's life decides to throw her another curve ball and force her to make choices she never planned on.
Copyright © 2024 by Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law. For permission requests, contact Miss L Writes.
The story, all names, characters, and incidents portrayed in this production are fictitious. No identification with actual persons (living or deceased), places, buildings, and products is intended or should be inferred.