 “Holy Sh*t Rayna. Your pack is beautiful!” I exclaim.
 The hill we were going up didn’t dip back into a valley like I thought. It leveled out and the trees were full and lush, some of them even starting to change colors with the season. The path we were driving on was well maintained and the larger trees made a sort of canopy over us.
 Once we got past the long entry drive the path opened up to a large town that looked so classic and from a different era. It was something people would put on Christmas cards with red brick buildings and large shop windows. Everything is cozy and inviting. It looks like there are blocks of buildings that stretch into neighborhoods of homes. I knew this pack was big, but I didn't realize it was this big. We drive past a center square where a roundabout circles a central gazebo that is decorated for some special occasion. Off to one end there is a large park. I can see the top of a jungle gym in the distance. I’m going to have fun exploring here.
 As we drive further into the pack territory I can see the first industrial looking building and just beyond it looks like stadium seating. I wonder if that is part of their school.
 “Hey, Rayna. What is that over there?” I point to the building and seating.
 “Oh, that’s our training ground. My brother has built our pack so big that we have groups of warriors that come from all over to train, so the building is a dorm for them to stay in while they are here.”
 “When do they train? I would love to go watch.”
 “Evening training starts in a couple hours. Why don’t we all go to the packhouse and drop off our stuff, change and grab a bite to eat and then we can join. I’m sure the guys would love to move around after being your pillow the whole trip.” She laughs at me.
 “Food sounds amazing!” Tommy chirps from next to her and the rest of us laugh.
 She guides Jeremiah through the town pointing things out as we go and I can’t keep my jaw off the floor. This is nothing like the rumors say. Everything is classically timeless and gorgeous. We get to the pack house which is very grand and has a touch of the old world look to it too, but I don’t have time to admire for long, my boys are hungry and in a hurry. One of the Omegas helps us all to our rooms. I’m surprised to learn that we are on the Alpha’s floor as guests, but when I mention it to Rayna her explanation both helps me understand and confuses me. 
 I don’t always get pack hierarchy culture and didn’t really think about different packs doing things in different ways. I always thought the Alpha and the Alpha’s immediate family liked to have a floor to themselves. It was a way to escape the pack a bit, like celebrities having a gate surrounding their mansions to keep out paparazzi. A place where no one but their designated Omegas went. I was only allowed on the Alpha floor when Aunt Beth took me in. Even Jeremiah moved down to my floor when I moved in so we could be closer, and then it helped with the nightmare problem.
 I guess because Rayna’s room is on this floor and Jeremiah is an Alpha and expected to stay with her, obviously, his team is housed near him. It’s to make us all feel more comfortable, being close together, rather than feeling wary of being separated. We get special treatment since we are a packaged deal with Rayna.
 When we get to the floor I stop in my tracks as I smell the most amazing thing I have ever smelled in my whole life. It’s Rosemary and mint and something just inherently male. Whoever is wearing this cologne might get attacked by me later, it makes my whole body tingle in ways it never has before. I notice it’s all over this floor as we walk towards our rooms. I wonder if it is a warrior who patrols here. Damn. All my lady bits are on high alert now.
 “You alright?” Ben asks, a funny look in his eyes.
 “Yep!” My voice came out squeaky for some reason. I clear my throat. “Yeah. It’s just overwhelming. This place is gigantic.” I shrug and keep walking. He huffs again.