  I take a deep breath and collect my thoughts and then address Edward’s pack, my new pack, as a whole.
  “Attention members of the Oak Lake Pack. I am Alpha Ryker Tryn of the Dark Moon Pack. I have been working with Alpha Edward on a smooth transition for you all to join me. There are a few who do not agree with your Alpha’s decision. Many of them were dealt with last night. If there is anyone else who wishes to challenge my command over this pack, please meet me at the training grounds in an hour. I will do right by your pack and hope to be half the leader Alpha Edward has been for you.”
  I let the mindlink go. Just by that they should all know that I have taken possession over the pack and there isn’t anything they can do about it, but there will still be a handful of idiots that think they need to fight for the pack’s honor, and I will let them. If they are truly fighting for the honor of the pack I will let them live. Their loyalty can be harnessed and trained. But, if they come to me with hate and power hungry eyes I will eliminate them. We have enough of that in the world.
  As predicted, there are four guys and a woman who show up at the training grounds. One of the four guys is here to simply see if he can beat me. He is cocky and my reputation precedes me. He falls quickly, without any real fight from me. The rest and the female all fight with honor for their pack and have earned places among my ranks to protect this and any other land I deem necessary.
  The female put up a particularly good fight. I made a mental note with my Delta to see if we can use her as a trainer. I want to make sure she is willing to relocate and travel before we force her into anything.
  After the fights I head to the gym and get a full workout in. Something about shutting everyone out and just pushing my body to its limits helps clear my head. I enjoy sparring, but there is always a constant noise, talking through movements and tactics. Being alone and organizing my thoughts is something that I cherish.
  As I was walking back to the packhouse, enjoying getting a view of Main Street, a warrior ran up to me.
  “Alpha! Alpha! We’ve been trying to reach you. It’s Alpha Edward, he needs you.”
  I pick up my pace and run next to the warrior, allowing him to lead since I still don’t know my way around. I could easily track by scent, but this way I don’t have to guess.
  We barrel into the front doors and I head straight up to Edward’s room. He is surrounded by his Beta, Gamma, Delta and their families.
  “Alpha Ryker, so good to see you. I have heard you had an eventful day.” He smiled at me.
  “That I did, several traitors have been sent back to the Goddess and a few members stood up to protect the pack from my reputation but your warriors fought well. They are loyal to the pack and wanted to see that it was not being taken by a tyrant.” I wink at him. “Only one fell, but I think not many are going to mourn the loss.”
  Alpha Edward laughed, but it seemed strained. “I am ready Ryker, I want to see my sweet Amelia and our little one. It has been far too long. My pack is yours. I know we made it official two days ago and completed it this morning, but now everyone here can attest to it. I give you Oak Lake Pack.”
  With that he took a deep breath and closed his eyes. I felt his life force leave and then the pack connection snap. 
  “It is done. The Beta says soberly, holding his crying mate. We will make preparations. Will you stay Alpha Ryker and help us send him back to the Moon Goddess?”
  “Of course.” I shake each of their hands and say my condolences once more before heading to my room to update my guys.
  I am going to be here at least another day. I’m sure that they have been preparing for this, knowing it’s coming, so there won’t be much for me to do but attend the burial ceremony.