This group decided that since Alpha Edward brought me in before he passed that I was worth the effort to listen to and at least get to know, which is a pleasant change from the last few packs I have acquired.
This part can be monotonous and boring at times. They understand what this transition is, it wasn’t a hostile takeover of some oppressive asshole.  It was a common goal for a former Alpha with no legacy to do the best by his pack.  They are treating me as if I was Edward’s son just taking over the position after his death.  No backlash or questioning, just working through a new person being in charge with different ideas and perspectives on the running of a pack.  This really has been a pleasant couple days.
These guys are all about my father’s age and only one has a kid that is coming of age to start training to take over the position.  I told him to start bringing his daughter to all the training sessions he attends.  She’s fourteen, but should start learning the position now so at sixteen she can start taking on responsibilities and then at eighteen the transition begins.  
In a perfect world this is how all of our leaders would transition in.  Plenty of time to make mistakes, learn how the position works, find things that need to be fixed and things that are well oiled machines.  Having a constant flow of warriors in various stages of training is helpful.  That means there is no gap for an enemy to take advantage of.
While we run we all go over the plan for my departure, the training protocols I want in place by the time I return next month.  They were all on board and even had ideas for how to help with sending warriors to my training facility to make sure they had the strength needed to fight any coming attacks. We are still tracking rumors floating in from neighboring territories. This is the calm before the storm.
Since the packhouse here is really only big enough to house the Alpha and his family, Jean has helped me get my warriors set up in houses nearby.  They are going to be here for some time and I want them to feel like they belong here, not just passing through. She is all set to mother them the same way she has mothered me the last few days. I know they love the sentiment.  It’s something my own mother does as the acting Luna.
Once we have everyone set up I load up for my journey back. Jean packs a full cooler of food and a second cooler with water and other drinks for the road trip. It’s only one warrior and myself for a little over two hour road trip. But, you would have thought we were traveling with ten people, for a full day, based on the amount of food.
I jumped into the passenger seat with the portfolio of files Linda delivered to my office last night.  There is a healthy amount of paperwork here.  So, she really is as good as everyone here seems to think, or she‘s good at the appearance of being good at her job.  I want to go over them, but I also want my project manager to go over them.  I want to know who they have associated themselves with and what those people think of them.  I need to know if it’s a reputation I can work with or have to overcome.
Before we get too close, I fire off a text to my sister letting her know when we would be arriving and remind her that I have a dinner party planned to introduce her and her mate to the pack.  And by ‘I,’ I actually mean my house manager Robin has been planning since I told her about it as soon as I got the message.  She has been the best house manager we have ever had, and we’ve had a few.  She takes her job seriously, but doesn’t have an ego about it.  
Robin seems to understand what I need and does it with a smile on her face.  I treat her with respect because she earns it everyday.  Not everyone understands the concept.  I text her to let her know when we should arrive as well and what I need to get done before my sister’s party tonight.  This way I have a running list of what I have asked for, in case I wasn’t clear. Never a problem with Robin, but I like to be thorough.