 “You did fight really well today. You seem to enjoy very long and strenuous training sessions. If you ever want a one on one. I’m your guy.” Danny saunters next to me, getting between Gamma Bennet and I and all I could do was laugh. I love the flirting and the banter. I love that they aren’t treating me differently because I’m human.
 “Alright, shoo.” Greta pushes Danny away. “The shiny new toy needs to go get cleaned up, because for all the talk you both do, she spent the most time sweaty and tangled up with me.” She winked at their stunned faces and put her arm around me leading me back to the truck laughing.
 “Wait!! I can work with that!” Danny yells at our back and I laugh even harder.
 Gamma Bennet and Greta both walk me to my room when we get back to the packhouse, like I couldn’t find it. I don’t know if that was a protection thing or what, but I don’t have much time to think about it when I am attacked as soon as I open the door to my room.
 “Finally! I thought you would never leave! You’re as bad as Jeremiah said. Let’s go! Get in the shower we have to get you fabulous for tonight. Let’s see if we can find you a mate.” Rayna is talking without breathing I think. I just roll my eyes, she has mentioned finding me a mate a few times since she decided I was not trying to take hers.
 “Do you know the likelihood of a human having a werewolf mate? It’s like a two percent chance and I’m sure the human is like one of those crazy bodybuilders that could eat werewolves for breakfast.” I laugh at her. “I’m average for a human, but a little small as far as werewolves go, I’m not anyone’s mate. I will go off to college and get a degree and work like a regular human and just pop in to see my supernatural friends.” I smile wide at her. “Especially when I have a room like this waiting for me and a bunch of nieces and nephews to spoil.” I wave my hand dramatically.
 “You are a great warrior actually, you move really well against people who have enhanced abilities. Don’t limit yourself. You never know.” She winks at me.
 “What am I wearing tonight?” I can’t believe I am distracting her with dress options. I actually don’t mind dressing up for the right occasion, but have no idea what this party is. Is it a super formal engagement party or informal ‘welcome back sis’ type party?
 I get my answer when she brings out this gorgeous black cocktail dress. The skirt is layers of sheer fabric with a sparkle woven in like black crystals. The bodice is tight, sleeveless and comes up to the base of my neck with sparkles woven into the top hem like a built-in necklace. The back is fully covered in a sheer black material, so I will be covered, but it’s still super sexy.
 She shoves me toward the bathroom, “You have ten minutes and better have all your bits properly manicured.”
 “What? Why? And are you going to check the landscaping?” I laugh at her leaving the bathroom door cracked so she can talk to me. I have learned that werewolves have zero modesty and don’t care at all because of the shifting thing, so I just go with it as much as I can. Ryana has had no qualms about storming into my room, so a bathroom door will not stop her.
 She never answered, but I don’t take the chance of her wanting to check me so I make sure all the girly bits are taken care of. When I step out she pulls me towards the desk where she has a salon set up to do hair and make-up. She seems to be completely ready except she’s in her robe. I can’t decide if I’m excited or afraid. She hands me a bottle of lotion and I get to work. It smells amazing, definitely feminine but it isn’t flowery and over-powering.