
11 - Kennedy
 I can feel myself slowly pulling towards consciousness. I definitely slept well, but I think that was because all the guys were in the car with me and something about Rayna is calming too. The guys are my safe space, something about them as a group has always kept me settled and focused. I have never had another female settle me enough to sleep though, not even Aunt Beth. Maybe it’s because she’s a part of Jer, an extension of our connection is in her too because of the mate bond. Who knows. When I think I understand werewolf nature something always throws a wrench that makes me question the things that really should make sense, like mates. 
 With the nature of the nightmares I get while I’m alone, sleeping in my bed you would think that I would have some kind of PTSD riding in a vehicle, but there is no fear of any kind. Never has been. It’s so strange.
 I wake up fully as the SUV slows and notice a different scent surrounding me. “Ben?” I ask gruffly as I sit up slowly and look around rubbing my face. “Where did you come from?” I could have sworn that Jason was my pillow when we left. 
 “I think you finally got the sleep you needed Ken. We’ve been driving for almost 4 hours. We’ve each taken a turn being your pillow and you didn’t move an inch.” He gives me a rare smile. “Even Rayna sat with you.”
 I look at the seat diagonal from me and she smiles. “How did I not notice all your giant asses coming and going from the seat? I can see Rayna getting back here unnoticed, but the rest of you, there’s no way. Did you drug me or something?” The third row bench seat doesn’t have doors, so it must have been difficult for them to squeeze through.
 “No, but clearly you needed it. Do you feel better?” He looks concerned again. I wish he wouldn’t look at me like that. I know he cares, but sometimes, like now, it feels like more. He has a mate out there somewhere and I will not get involved in that mess.
 I turn to look out the window. “Yeah, thanks. Where are we now?” I have to get the subject off of me and my sleeping habits.
 “We are getting ready to cross into my brother’s territory.” Rayna looks back and smiles. She clearly loves her brother, no matter his reputation.
 Like she conjured them, several wolves ran out of the surrounding forest from all directions, as we rolled to a stop. This must be some kind of checkpoint. We are heading up a hill so there isn’t much else to see of the pack lands through the forest surrounding us.
 Jeremiah rolls down his window and introduces himself to the one warrior who shifted. As much nakedness as I have seen since finding out about werewolves and shifting, I still can’t look past a gorgeous guy who seems to live in the gym and is hung like a horse. Damn! Maybe I will have a little fun while I am here since the guys in my pack have been warned off of me. Although I will have to tread carefully if these guys are anything like the rumors say.
 Rayna rolls down her window, I missed a whole conversation while I was drooling over the warrior. “He’s expecting us, Danny. This is Jeremiah, my mate and his Beta Ben, Gamma Jason, Delta Tommy and Lead Warrior Kennedy.” Danny nods to all of us as she says our names and we acknowledge. He gives me a flirtatious smirk. “Danny is my brother’s Delta, and should be with him while he is in negotiations.” Her tone sounds scolding and yet unsurprised to find him here.
 Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
 And that introduction was generous. I am no such thing, but I’m not going to correct her right now. Somehow in a matter of a day she has gone from hating my guts to exaggerating my qualities. 
 “Oh, I’m here, on orders, specifically for your arrival, Rayna.” I can’t tell if his look is more playful or menacing. The smirk he has could be either good or bad.
 Delta Danny steps out of the way and we pull forward. I try to be sly while staring at all his gorgeousness as we drive away, I don’t think I am successful based on a huff from my right. The sound gets me to look forward and my jaw drops. 