
16 - Ryker
I have lunch provided by Jean at the kitchen island. It’s just her and I. No one else appears to live in the packhouse full time.  I was able to talk with her while she cleaned and I discovered she is the exact person to be friends with.  She seems to be able to cook anything I could ever want, she’s not afraid to give me a little sass, but is never disrespectful and she knows everything about everyone.
“So are you looking for your mate here Alpha?  Rumors are already flying around about the handsome, young, mateless alpha we now have.”  She wiggles her eyebrows at me.
“My wolf is always on the lookout for our mate, but I will find her when I am ready, not before, the Moon Goddess won’t allow it.”
“So, you’ll be entertaining then, while you wait?”  She gives me a disapproving look my own mother would be proud of.
“Well, I have to keep the urges at bay somehow.” I shrug and don’t know why I am so defensive or even having this conversation. I can stare down other Alphas backed by massive armies and not flinch, yet this woman makes me second guess my own actions in a matter of hours of knowing her.
“Just make sure you use your head, the top one mind you.  There are a lot of girls who are looking to fill a void, just like you, but some will try and trap you.  Make sure you’re being careful, and besides, you have two hands that seem to work properly.  You might as well put them to good use.”
I choked on my water and spit it all over the island to a laughing Jean.  I continue coughing. Not the comment I was expecting at all.
“I may be old enough to be your mother, grandmother even, but I was a young girl once and I get it, you are a very handsome young man with needs.  Just make sure you pay attention and don’t disrespect your true mate by being a dumbass.”  She points a stern finger at me. “Cause I have a feeling your mate is going to give you a run for your money and she won’t appreciate any shenanigans.”
I couldn’t hold it in.  I laughed out loud for the first time in a very long time.  I don’t think I have ever had anyone call me dumb, told me to wrap it up, while simultaneously telling me to be respectful, ever.
I help her clean up the mess I made, then turn to go. “Thank you Jean, this was great.  I can’t wait to bring my sister here.”  Then I stop the thought.  I don’t know if I will have the chance to bring her here with me.  I never knew how that would make me feel until right now as my stomach sinks at the thought.
“Where did you go there, just now?”  Jean places a hand on my cheek.  If it was anyone else I would have slapped it away, but again, she is proving to be very much like another mother.  I just smile and shake my head.  She lets it go, but gives me another look I can’t place.
Copyright ©️ 2024 Miss L Writes and Ember Mantel Productions
I head up to pack so everything is ready to go.  I forgo the room next to mine even though I can smell another female waiting in there, ready for me.  I feel like Jean’s warning might be right on the money and I am not taking any chances right now.  I need the release, but if she thinks girls here will try and trap me, I will keep my distance.
I fire off a few emails, then head out to do the final run of the day.  The Beta, Gamma, Delta and warriors are right on time.  This is exactly the leadership I need in the pack when I leave. The warriors are pleasant and eager to learn, which is helpful. That isn’t always the case.  Some warriors assume I spend all of my time indoors being pampered while they do all of the heavy lifting when it comes to protecting the pack.  It only ever takes one jackass to get them all riled up too.  Sometimes it’s the biggest jackass, sometimes it’s the loudest, sometimes it’s a seasoned warrior who doesn’t like change, but there is always one who wants to challenge me to prove I’m not worth my reputation.  Once they are beaten, quickly and brutaly, no one questions me again.  I’m just hoping Dean and his groupies were the only jackasses.